BEST HAVE ATTESTED, HE HAS BEEN
AN EXEMPLARY PUBLIC SERVANT,
JUDGE, TEACHER, COACH, HUSBAND,
AND FATHER.
MR. PRESIDENT, I WILL VOTE TO
CONFIRM JUDGE KAVANAUGH.
>> Laura: THAT WAS SENATOR SUSAN
COLLINS DELIVERING A CRUSHING
BLOW TO DEMOCRATS HOPING FOR A
LAST-MINUTE DEFECTION.
DURING HER NEARLY ONE HOUR LONG
SPEECH, SHE ECHOED MANY OF THE
SENTIMENTS OFFERED ON THE SENATE
FLOOR DAY AFTER DAY BY OUR NEXT
GUEST.
WE’RE HAPPY TO BE TO BE JOINED
EXCLUSIVELY BY SENATE MAJORITY
LEADER MITCH McCONNELL.
WHEN DID YOU KNOW YOU HAD THE
VOTES?
>> WHEN THE ROLL WAS CALLED.
>> Laura: REALLY?
>> YEAH, THEY WERE ALL VERY
GUARDED ABOUT MAKING AN
ANNOUNCEMENT.
THIS IS ONE OF THOSE RARE
SITUATIONS, WHEN YOU GO INTO A
VOTE, NOT REALLY KNOWING FOR
SURE.
THAT YOU HAD THEM.
>> Laura: YOU USUALLY CALL CLOE
TOUR, YOU -- CLOTURE UNLESS YOU
KNOW YOU HAVE THE VOTES.
>> WE HAD TO MOVE ON THIS, THIS
WAS NOT GOING TO GET BETTER.
I DECIDED A WEEK AGO WE WERE
GOING TO VOTE ON FRIDAY.
WE WATCHED WHAT WAS HAPPENING,
THEY WERE TRYING TO DESTROY THIS
GOOD MAN WITH RUMORS AND THE
REST OF THE STUFF.
WE NEED TO HAVE THE VOTE IN
ORDER TO BRING TO IT A
CONCLUSION.
>> Laura: WHY DIDN’T SENATOR
MURKOWSKI GO ALONG?
YOU HAVE FLIEK AND COLLINS WITH
THE LONG SPEECH TODAY, AND
FLAKE, SHE IMPRESSED A LOT OF
PEOPLE WITH HER PASSION AND
DEDICATION, ADVISE AND CONSENT.
WHAT HAPPENED TO MURKOWSKI?
>> I’D RATHER CELEBRATE THE
VICTORY.
AND I THINK THERE’S PLENTY OF
CREDIT TO GO AROUND.
PRESIDENT TRUMP FOR MAKING GREAT
CHOICES.
CHAIRMAN GRASSLEY FOR DOING A
HECK OF A GOOD JOB DEALING WITH
THE OUTBURSTS IN THE COMMITTEE,
THE OUTBURSTS IN THE COMMITTEE, OF THE MEMBERS, DEALING WITH --
OF THE MEMBERS, DEALING WITH -- I MEAN WE’VE BEEN UNDER ASSAULT,
I MEAN WE’VE BEEN UNDER ASSAULT,
LAURA.
OUR HOMES HAVE BEEN -- THEY’VE
COME TO OUR HOMES.
>> Laura: YOURS WAS TODAY.
>> NOT JUST ME, IT’S EVERYBODY.
WE’VE SORT OF BEEN UNDER
ASSAULT.
EVERYBODY DECIDED TO STAND UP TO
THE MOB.
THESE PEOPLE.
THEY’RE NOT BEING INTIMIDATED BY
I COULDN’T BE PROUDER OF MY
MEMBERS FOR REFUSING TO ROLL
OVER UNDER ALL OF THIS INTENSE
PRESSURE, ALL OF THESE LIES.
THIS IS A GREAT DAY FOR AMERICA.
>> Laura: THE SENATE IS UNDER
SIEGE, PROTESTERS AREN’T LETTING
UP, EVEN LATE IN THE AFTERNOON
INTO THE EVENING TONIGHT.
IS THIS THE NEW NORMAL?
I WANT TO PLAY SOMETHING, THIS
IS SENATOR MANCHIN, AFTER THE
COLLINS SPEECH TODAY.
AND AFTER HE SAID HE WOULD VOTE
FOR BRETT KAVANAUGH.
LET’S WATCH.
[CHANTING]
>> LOOK AT US!
LOOK AT US!
SHAME, SHAME, SHAME, SHAME,
SHAME!
>> Laura: A LOT OF MY RADIO
CALLERS TODAY, SAID IS THIS THE
WAY IT’S GOING TO BE?
IS THERE GOING TO BE ANY CHANGES
TO BUILDING ACCESS?
YOU DON’T WANT TO BECOMECA KOON
BUT ANYING -- COCOON BUT ANY
CHANGES HOW YOU LET PEOPLE INTO
THE BUILDING?
>> I THINK SECURITY WILL TAKE
CARE OF THAT.
THE MOB WAS NOT ABLE TO INTIM
DATE THE SENATE.
WE STOOD UP TO THE MOB, WE DID
THE RIGHT THING FOR A GOOD MAN,
FILL A LIFETIME POSITION ON THE
SUPREME COURT.
LOT TO CELEBRATE.
I COULDN’T OF PROUDER OF ALL OF
MY MEMBERS.
SENATOR COLLINS, YOU HAD PART OF
HER SPEECH IN THE ENTRY.
>> Laura: THE DEMOCRATS RAISED
ALMOST $2 MILLION ON A GO FUND
ME PAGE FOR AN UNDETERMINED
CANDIDATE AND SUSAN COLLINS IS
APPARENTLY SERIOUSLY
ENTERTAINING -- SUSAN RICE
ENTERTAINING A CHALLENGE AGAINST
SENATOR COLLINS IN 2020.
>> SENATOR COLLINS WILL BE WELL
FUNDED, I CAN ASSURE YOU.
THERE’S A LOT OF ENTHUSIASM ON
OUR SIDE, TOO.
YOU MAY NOT HAVE NOTICED, RISING
ENTHUSIASM AMONG REPUBLICAN
VOTERS.
I THINK OUR PEOPLE ARE GOING TO
BE JUST AS FIRED-UP AS THEIRS.
EVERYBODY IS GOING TO REMEMBER
WHAT THEY DID TO BRETT
KAVANAUGH.
>> Laura: IS THIS THE SHOT IN
THE ARM THAT THE REPUBLICANS
NEEDED?
>> ABSOLUTE I, ABSOLUTELY.
IT IS, IT’S WAKEUP CALL TO WHY
IT’S IMPORTANT TO HOLD THE
SENATE.
THE SENATE IS IN THE PERSONNEL
BUSINESS.
I LOVE THE HOUSE BUT THE SENATE
IS IN THE PERSONNEL BUSINESS.
YOU WANT JUDGES CONFIRMED,
CABINET MEMBERS CONFIRMED,
BOARDS AND COMMISSIONS
CONFIRMED, WE HAVE TO CONTROL
THE SENATE.
SO THE PRESIDENT’S NOMINATIONS
CAN ACTUALLY BE CONFIRMED AND
TAKE THE JOBS.
>> Laura: DO YOU INTEND TO USE
THIS ISSUE ON THE CAMPAIGN TRAIL
FOR THE LAST FOUR WEEKS AND WHAT
ARE YOU GOING TO SAY?
>> ABSOLUTELY.
I’M GOING TO REMIND EVERYBODY OF
THE IMPORTANCE OF THE SENATE,
TWO SUPREME COURT APPOINTMENTS,
26 CIRCUIT COURT JUDGES, RECORD
FOR THE FIRST TWO YEARS.
THESE ARE LIFETIME APPOINTMENTS
WITH CONSERVATIVE MEN AND WOMEN
WITH CONSERVATIVE MEN AND WOMEN WHO BELIEVE THE JOB OF JUDGE IS
WHO BELIEVE THE JOB OF JUDGE IS
TO INTERPRET THE LAW.
AS IT’S WRITTEN.
>> Laura: WHAT ABOUT
REPERCUSSIONS FOR WHAT HAPPENED
DURING THIS PROCESS?
I WAS HERE FOR JUDGE BOURQUE.
I WAS YOUNG SPEECH WRITER IN THE
REAGAN ADMINISTRATION.
I WAS HERE FOR JUSTICE THOMAS.
BUT I THINK THIS RIVALLED BOTH
OF THOSE.
>> I DO, TOO.
>> Laura: LINDSAY GRAHAM WAS ON
LAST NIGHT AND TALKED ABOUT THE
NEED FOR REPERCUSSIONS AGAINST
THE WRONG DOERS, LET’S WATCH.
>> I BELIEVE DIANNE FEINSTEIN
DIDN’T LEAK IT BUT I DON’T KNOW
ABOUT HER STAFF.
HER STAFF RECOMMENDED TO
MS. KATZ, ACTIVIST LEFTIST
LAWYER, RECOMMENDED TO FORD.
>> Laura: WHY NOT SECURE THE
E-MAILS AND TEXTS --
>> WE’RE GOING AFTER THEM.
HERE’S WHAT I’M GOING TO DO.
ANYBODY WHO DID THIS, IS GOING
TO PAY A PRICE.
>> Laura: WILL THEY PAY A PRICE
I THINK IT WILL BE VET
INVESTIGATED.
BUT -- INVESTIGATED.
BUT IT DIDN’T WORK.
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING TO
NOTE, THESE TACTICS DIDN’T WORK.
>> Laura: PEOPLE NEED TO PAY,
YOU DON’T WANT TO GO THROUGH
THIS AGAIN.
>> WE’RE PREPARED TO GO THROUGH
IT AGAIN, THEY AREN’T GOING TO
INTIMIDATE US AND TELL US HOW TO
VOTE.
THEY HELPED US WIN THIS VOTE.
THEIR TACTICS ACTUALLY HELPED US
UNIFY OUR PEOPLE AND WIN THIS
VOTE.
THEY’RE GOING TO HELP US WIN A
MONTH FROM NOW ON NOVEMBER 6,
TOO.
>> Laura: DO YOU THINK YOU’LL
PICK UP SENATE SEATS?
>> I HOPE SO.
THIS UNDERSCORES HOW IMPORTANT
IT IS.
WE HAVE A CLOSE MARGIN.
VERY CLOSE MARGIN.
I’D LIKE TO HAVE A FEW EXTRA
REPUBLICAN SENATORS.
>> Laura: LET’S TALK ABOUT THE
MEDIA’S ROLE IN ALL OF THIS,
AMPLIFYING CHARGES.
WE HAD ANOTHER POINT I WANT TO
PLAY FROM SUSAN COLLINS WHEN SHE
TALKED ABOUT THE RAPE ROOMS AND
THESE WORDS THAT WERE BEING
THROWN AROUND AGAINST THIS
ESTEEMED JUDGE.
LET’S WATCH.
>> THE ALLEGATIONS THAT WHEN HE
WAS A TEENAGER JUDGE KAVANAUGH
DRUGGED MULTIPLE GIRLS AND USED
THEIR WEAKENED STATE TO
FACILITATE GANG RAPE.
THIS OUTLANDISH ALLEGATION, WAS
PUT FORTH WITHOUT ANY CREDIBLE
SUPPORTING EVIDENCE AND SIMPLY
PARROTED PUBLIC STATEMENTS OF
OTHERS.
>> Laura: INCLUDING THE MEDIA,
CELEBRITY PORN LAWYER.
>> I CAN REMEMBER WHEN THAT SORT
OF THING WAS NOT PUT ON THE AIR.
PEOPLE DIDN’T JUST PEDDLE
NONSENSE WITH NO CORROBORATION.
THAT EXACERBATED THE PROBLEM.
A LOT OF SENATE DEMOCRATS WOULD
MAINSTREAM THAT STUFF RIGHT INTO
THEIR DISCUSSIONS.
AND TRY TO CONVINCE EVERYBODY
THAT IT SOMEHOW HAPPENED.
NO CORROBORATION AT ALL.
JUST RUMORS.
ALL OVER THE PLACE.
>> Laura: SENATOR MURKLEY FROM
OREGON WAS UPSET, AND SAID THIS.
>> CHUCK GRASSLEY, THE CHAIR OF
THE COMMITTEE, AND MITCH
McCONNELL, THE MAJORITY LEADER.
[BOOING]
THEY SAID THERE’S NO
CONTEMPORANEOUS EVIDENCE TO
SUPPORT THE WOMEN WHO CAME
FORWARD.
THAT IS NOT TRUE.
>> Laura: WELL, WHAT ARE WE
MISSING HERE, SENATOR?
>> I DON’T KNOW WHAT HE’S
TALKING ABOUT.
THERE WAS NO EVIDENCE TO
CORROBORATE ANY OF THE
ALLEGATIONS AGAINST JUDGE
KAVANAUGH.
MAYBE HE’S ON A DIFFERENT
PLANET, NOT SURE.
>> Laura: RIGHT NOW WHEN YOU
LOOK BACK ON THIS LAST, YOU
KNOW, COUPLE OF WEEKS AND YOU
HAVE HAD AN INCREDIBLE RUN OF
CONFIRMING CIRCUIT COURT JUDGES,
DISTRICT JUDGES.
BUT THIS EXPERIENCE, LESSONS
LEARNED FOR THE REPUBLICAN
PARTY, THE SENATE, MAYBE THE
PRESIDENT GOING FORWARD.
>> WELL, WE HAVE REAFFIRMED IN
THIS COUNTRY YOU’RE PRESUMED
INNOCENT, THE PRESUMPTION IS IN
FAVOR OF INNOCENCE.
WE ALSO RELEARNED THAT YOU
CAN’T -- YOU SHOULD NOT ALLOW
MOBS TO INTIM DATE YOU.
AND I THINK A GOOD LESSON FOR
US EXCITED ABOUT THE NOVEMBER
US, UNIFIED THE CONFERENCE, MADE
ELECTION, WAS GOOD FOR THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE TO SEE THAT
THESE PEOPLE WERE STOOD UP TO
AND THEY DIDN’T GET AWAY WITH
IT.
THEY DID NOT WIN.
THAT’S THE MOST IMPORTANT THING.
>> Laura: HOW RADICAL HAS THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY OF TODAY
BECOME?
>> PRETTY WILD BUNCH.
PRETTY CLEAR THEY WERE WILLING
TO DO ANYTHING, SAY ANYTHING, TO
TRY AND WIN.
NO BOUNDARIES.
>> Laura: YOU STILL HAVE CLOSE
FRIENDS IN THE DEMOCRATIC CAUCUS
AFTER THIS OR EMOTIONS RAW?
>> I THINK WE’LL GET PAST IT IN
TERMS OF RELATIONSHIPS.
BUT IT WAS A TOUGH PERIOD.
A TOUGH PERIOD.
I HOPE THEY LEARNED A LESSON.
THAT YOU CAN DO THIS KIND OF
THING BUT IT DOESN’T NECESSARILY